2 commits, an initial translation of c00/30/04->14 and an extra adding sounds as per indication. planning to use dupe tool after this (#63)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/13/2/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//

> 勃起した男根を前に何もしないのも無作法かと思いまして……朝からお騒がせしてすみません。=I thought it would be rude not to do anything in front of an erect penis... I'm sorry for having been noisy in the morning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
勃起した男根を前に何もしないのも無作法かと思いまして……朝からお騒がせしてすみません。=I thought it would be rude to ignore an erect penis... Excuse me for disturbing your morning.
```

> おはようございます、今朝のお目覚めはいかがですか？　……寝ぼけていらっしゃるのでしたら、このまま二回戦を始めましょうか？=Good morning, did you wake up well? If you're still sleepy, shall we start a second round?

Reviewer: `Did you wake up well?` doesn't sound right.

```suggestion
おはようございます、今朝のお目覚めはいかがですか？　……寝ぼけていらっしゃるのでしたら、このまま二回戦を始めましょうか？=Good morning, how are you feeling? ...If you're still sleepy, would you like me to proceed to round two?
```
